Hey
This stone is where we start first
If you want to rob me, I will rob you
You suck you fucking want to die
Okay, then it depends on your ability.
The highest bidder gets
Is this necessary for this rough stone?
You saw what Xiaoyuer did just now.
I believe him.
Okay, I see, I'll pay 100 million for this rough stone.
200 million Wuyi
Qingcheng, although your father is the richest man in the two rivers
But I heard that you just talked about one
The liquidity should be fully invested.
This can be married
Can fight with me
May Day 1 time
May Day 2 times 51361
1 time eight times 2 times
Eight one three times
Congratulations on the deal at the price of 800 million
Win the current ten kings
Seventh Young Master is mighty
Seven Mighty Forces
Seven young people support and ten kings
Are you going to drive here or
Just come here
Then I'm going to show this hillbilly
What is a lifetime of unattainable existence like?
Ahahahaha